MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT

This Master Services Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into as of
March 3, 2025 between Northwind Logistics Inc. (the "Customer") and Arcadia
Technologies Ltd. (the "Supplier").

1. SERVICES

1.1 The Supplier shall provide the hosted freight-tracking services described
in Schedule A (the "Services") in accordance with the service levels set out
in Schedule B.

1.2 Any change to the scope of the Services requires a written change order
signed by both parties.

2. TERM

2.1 This Agreement commences on April 1, 2025 and continues for an initial
term of twelve (12) months.

2.2 This Agreement renews for successive twelve (12) month terms unless either
party gives written notice of non-renewal not less than sixty (60) days before
the end of the then-current term.

3. FEES

3.1 The Customer shall pay a service fee of USD 45,000 per month, exclusive of
value added tax.

3.2 The Supplier may increase the fees once per contract year, with effect
from the start of a renewal term, by no more than the increase in the
Consumer Price Index over the preceding twelve months, on ninety (90) days'
prior written notice.

4. DATA

4.1 As between the parties, the Customer owns all data it uploads to the
Services, including all derived shipment records.

4.2 The Supplier shall process Customer personal data only on the Customer's
documented instructions and in accordance with the data processing addendum
at Schedule C.

4.3 On termination the Supplier shall, at the Customer's option, return or
delete all Customer data within thirty (30) days and certify the deletion in
writing.

5. LIABILITY

5.1 Each party's aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement shall not exceed the total fees paid or payable in the twelve (12)
months preceding the event giving rise to the claim.

5.2 Neither party excludes liability for death or personal injury caused by
its negligence, or for fraud.

6. TERMINATION

6.1 Either party may terminate this Agreement for convenience on ninety (90)
days' prior written notice.

6.2 Either party may terminate immediately on written notice if the other
party commits a material breach that is not remedied within thirty (30) days
of notice.

7. GOVERNING LAW

7.1 This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales and the
parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of London.
